Necromunda: Underhive Wars Video Game Date Announced!  -  Wesley Floyd
Great news if you’re a fan of Necromunda, a new trailer for the Underhive Wars video game is here and they announced the release is right around the corner!
If this is the first time hearing about the game, Underhive Wars is a Necromunda shooter game that is on the way with different gangs fighting in various underhive turfs.
Necromunda: Underhive Wars Video Game Date Announced!
Now if you already watched the entire release date announcement trailer, you know that it’s dropping September 8th, 2020!
Does Necromunda deserve a good video game release?
Brrrrrrt! New Forge World Aeronautica Imperialis Pre-Orders  -  Wesley Floyd
Forge World just announced new Aeronautica Imperialis pre-orders this week including the Arvus Lighter and the fan-favorite Vulture brrrrrt gunship!
Forge World updated their pre-orders section of their webstore, and time around we’ve got new Aeronautica Imperialis ships to check out.
Imperial Navy Arvus Lighters $25This finely detailed resin kit allows you to build two boxy Arvus Lighters for your games of Aeronautica Imperialis.
Astra Militarum Vulture Gunships $47This finely detailed resin kit allows you to build two vicious Vulture Gunships for your games of Aeronautica Imperialis.
Overall, some fun looking Forge World pre-orders for fans of Aeronautica Imperialis.
26 Rumor Engine Pics Left to Solve & GW Preview Reveals  -  Wesley Floyd
September 24th, 2019Another GW rumor engine is here and it looks like we’ve got a snapshot of an Ogor’s best friend.
December 24th, 2019On Christmas Eve, GW gave us another rumor engine to sit on while we move into the new year.
March 10th, 2020Another rumor engine is here which means it’s time to break down the possibilities.
March 31st, 2020Another rumor engine has emerged and is making rounds across the web.
July 21st, 2020Another rumor engine is out and it looks like GW may be going back to the Imperium Admech revolver.
RUMORS: First Miniatures Releases For 9th Edition 40k  -  Wesley Floyd
GW Drops New Starter Sets Beyond IndomitusThree new starter sets on the way to 9th Edition.
RUMORS: First Miniatures Releases For 9th Edition 40kThese Bladeguard Vets were spotted earlier sparking controversy on if a new multipart kit coming just around the corner.
Even though they are a staple Necron unit, they’re already being made available across four starter sets and come with all their wargear options.
On that note, that doesn’t mean that we have to wait until the codex drops to see multipart kits released.
Do you think we won’t be seeing those kits inside the starters get multipart kits for a while?
GW Reveals New Black Orcs Blood Bowl Team  -  Wesley Floyd
Blood Bowl is coming back in full strength later on in 2020, so check out the official previews on the Black Orcs team that is coming soon!
Warhammer Community just previewed some clean pics of the coming Black Orcs Blood Bowl team that’s in store for the new Edition later on in 2020.
Earlier Pics of Black Orcs EmergedPopping up jus a short time ago, we saw the details and early pics of the Black Orc team for Blood Bowl.
GW Showcases Black Orcs Blood Bowl TeamThere are quite a few models that were showcased so be sure to check them all out if you’ve got a second.
This legendary Star Player is ready to lead the Black Orcs to victory on the pitchThere you have it!
New Push-Fit 40k Terrain On The Way!  -  Wesley Floyd
New push-fit terrain is here for Warhammer 40k, and if you missed the Indomitus release, then it may be even more of a bonus for you!
You can either get the Command Edition of the new 9th Edition starters or just buy up the terrain and board set separately.
However, it looks like there is so much more value by grabbing a Command Edition right now.
New Push-Fit 40k Terrain On The Way!
…as well as a selection of brand-new, push-fit battlefield terrain to fight over.
